add offline installation paragraph & remove important paragraph (#7981)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/ssdt/release-notes-ssdt-2019.md

Visit https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/SQL-Server-Integration-Services/bg-p/SSIS for the latest information, tips, news, and announcements about SSIS directly from the product team.

## Offline Installation
Please follow the below steps to install this product in an offline environment:

> 1. Follow this [document](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019) to create an offline installation of Visual Studio, and make sure following prerequisites are included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refer to the instructions in [Create an offline installation package of Visual Studio for local installation](/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019), and make sure the following prerequisites are included:
```
various MS style and a link edit

> 1. Refer to the instructions in [Create an offline installation package of Visual Studio for local installation](/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019), and make sure the following prerequisites are included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refer to the instructions in [Create an offline installation package of Visual Studio for local installation](/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019&preserve-view=true), and make sure the following prerequisites are included:
```

    - Prerequisite Id="Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Roslyn.LanguageServices" Version="[16.0,)" DisplayName="C# and Visual Basic"
    - Prerequisite Id="Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.CoreEditor" Version="[16.0,)" DisplayName="Visual Studio core editor"
    - Prerequisite Id="Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.SQL.SSDT" Version="[16.0,)" DisplayName="SQL Server Data Tools"
    - Prerequisite Id="Microsoft.Net.Component.4.TargetingPack" Version="[16.0,)" DisplayName=".NET Framework 4 targeting pack"
    - Prerequisite Id="Microsoft.Net.Component.4.5.TargetingPack" Version="[16.0,)" DisplayName=".NET Framework 4.5 targeting pack"
    - Prerequisite Id="Microsoft.Net.Component.4.7.TargetingPack" Version="[16.0,)" DisplayName=".NET Framework 4.7 targeting pack"

> 1. Double click on the installer of this product and perform installation, or you can run the installer in quite mode. Please launch the installer with "/?" argument to get more details of the arguments list of the installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch the installer of this product and perform the installation, or you can run the installer in quiet mode. Launch the installer with "/?" argument to get more details of the arguments list of the installer.
```
